let me know there with the nerves we got
there inferno what should I might take
guys but you want to feel that you
notice behind you got a lot of trust for
when you find out you're gonna start it
was it was the most sane and we thought
it was his cooperation as to how things
go
when it sign up to you
friday night we saw you and AJ embrace
before game would
you told me to keep my composure take
what they give me and a battle of saying
here silly see a lot say license
a third-down you have urine thrown from
the end zone unit to burn was that was
every year I was pretty being difficult
I'm grabbing the tail Tom Talmadge is
how we fight and summer he was a condom
on third downs he was your target amount
of time designed or was it just he was
open I think so
under 65 years how important is it
I didn't think about it too much when I
played guys out there had their back so
we have it back what you see on that
intersection I was even wild open I got
tackled a scene from there let's got a
child whatever we think of the way you
guys are in school basketball you guys
had done that before would you see from
that plan oh it was something different
yeah like you said similar way that we
did before and help us out a lot over
the board probably no more articles
careful
you see them abilities they keep
surprised by it but you around yeah it
was kind of surprised I think we was
gonna go save us all
only been working on their about it or
something
I wasn't doing it through the summer
through the spring and all I wasn't
really worried about being start I was
worried about getting the team ready for
this point when the time come I was
going to be ready with things with not
going our way are we going to do we
gotta do to get back right and put
points on the board I guess a TJ when he
doubled Prime online scored so we needed
the arrow it's only kind of did the
earth oh yeah just like it directing cam
Robbins at one point a little bit out of
position of girly down bout to go on
yeah is that look it up this we thought
we asked score and